Update update-by-query.md (#3693)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/document-apis/update-by-query.md

scroll_size | Integer | Size of the operation's scroll request. Default is 1000.
search_type | String | Whether OpenSearch should use global term and document frequencies calculating revelance scores. Valid choices are `query_then_fetch` and `dfs_query_then_fetch`. `query_then_fetch` scores documents using local term and document frequencies for the shard. It’s usually faster but less accurate. `dfs_query_then_fetch` scores documents using global term and document frequencies across all shards. It’s usually slower but more accurate. Default is `query_then_fetch`.
search_timeout | Time | How long to wait until OpenSearch deems the request timed out. Default is no timeout.

> slices | String or Integer | How many slices to cut the operation into for faster processing. Specify an integer to set how many slices to divide the operation into, or use `auto`, which tells OpenSearch it should decide how many slices to divide into. If you have a lot of shards in your index, set a lower number for better efficiency. Default is 1, which means the task should not be divided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slices | String or integer | The number slices to split an operation into for faster processing, specified by integer. When set to `auto` OpenSearch it should decides how many the number of slices for the operation. Default is `1`, which indicates an operation will not be split.
```
